added saved downloads in the settings backup
made icon bigger in downloading notification
fixed notification cancel and pausing not working
fixed app respecting preferred home screen for downloads and more
removed 000001 in the end of the file if the user has made only one cut
removed log id from downloads if the user deleted the log
fixed app crashing when it was listing logs with large texts
fixed case: if the user had multiple preferred audio formats the app would choose the last one and not the first
added ability to combine preferred audio formats by writing like 140+251,250. If the download item finds both first audio formats it will merge them together, otherwise get one of them that is available
fixed app file transfer not working. (had to revert to hidden cache folder as downloads folder wasnt good for some phones)
fixed app saving as mkv even though mp4 is set as container
added shortcuts button to the commands tab so you can drop shortcuts to the current command.
added syntax highlighting in commands tab textbox
fixed tiktok videos not saving properly
fixed open file intent
added hindi language
added croatian language
added norwegian language
added tamil language
added telugu language
added thai language
added readme in azerbajani
added security.md
added ability to show preferred audio / video format ids as a generic format in the format list if the item has no formats available
fixed multi select dialog in the settings not having the same material color as the rest of the system
fixed navbar being black and not the same color as main activity in the settings activity
added license to the app info
added security to the app info
fixed app not converting subtitle formats
fixed app retaining terminal state when going to landscape
made log text stretch horizontally like terminal
more small stuff
Added ability to combine all possible combinations of preferred video formats, audio formats, codex and container.
The app will consider all preferred video ids. For each of them it will consider preferred vcodec and extension. At the same time for each of those elements it will consider all preferred audio commands and/or audio merge. If the format is a generic quality like 1080p or 720p it will also consider that in the long format query. Also the app will add all combos of video + audio only. And all combos of all video + best audio. All video ids alone and best as final fallback. If the user chooses a proper format, the app will not be this descriptive. Preferred video id and audio id combos will only apply on a quick download or best quality generic download
Added Download Scheduling
When on the app will only download depending on the time period you have set
If you turn off scheduling, the app will check for leftover downloads waiting and will immediately start them
If you manually set a time to download, it will ignore the scheduling period. This period only applies to normal downloads that have no set download time
The setting is in the downloading section
Added ability to not use internal storage caching if you have all files access
This is useful if you are downloading livestreams and u dont have to move files from cache in the settings anymore
If u are having write permission errors, turn caching back on so the app will use transferring instead